Update documentation (#42114)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/batch_changes/how-tos/publishing_changesets.md

      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Rapid feedback loop: you can check a specific diff and immediately publish it.
          </li>
          <li>
            Easy to publish random changesets without having to specify rules in the <code>published</code> field.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li>
            Publication state isn't reproducible across multiple batch changes.
          </li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> **N.B**: We currently do not support changing the state of a `published` changeset to `draft` or `unpublished`. Once a changest is published, it can't be `unpublished` or changed to a `draft`.

Reviewer: I had to look up what `N.B` means (never seen it used before). Maybe instead use `<sub>...</sub>` for this note?

Reviewer 2: [Nota bene](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nota_bene). This might be more common in non-American dialects. 😄 

That said, I wonder if this would look better if we used the documentation's styling for notes instead, eg:

```suggestion
>NOTE: We currently do not support changing the state of a `published` changeset to `draft` or `unpublished`. Once a changeset is published, it can't be `unpublished` or changed to a `draft`.
```

(Regardless of how we style this, there's also a typo on the second "changeset" in there.)

Reviewer 3: data point: never saw that either 😬
